--- 
wordpress_id: 5207
author_login: cleopold
layout: page
comments: []

author: leopold
title: Free Help
published: true
tags: []

date: 2012-10-02 22:41:34 -04:00
categories: []

author_email: caroline.leopold@gmail.com
wordpress_url: http://leopoldwriting.com/?page_id=5207
author_url: http://www.leopoldwriting.com
status: publish
---
To mentor grant writers, I offer free reading services. Here are some guidelines.
<h3>What I do</h3>
<ul>
	<li>Read your draft proposal and give you feedback by phone or email</li>
	<li>Read a rejected proposal and give you some pointers</li>
	<li>Give you an honest appraisal on your logic, grammar, and flow</li>
	<li>Point out any glaring problems or omissions</li>
	<li>Tell you what I see as the strengths in the proposals</li>
	<li>Possibly point you to other resources, if I know them</li>
	<li>Share information about making grant writing a career</li>
	<li>Help you laugh and relax a bit (maybe)</li>
</ul>
<h3>What I won't do</h3>
<ul>
	<li>Read a proposal if a person doesn't give a full name and real email</li>
	<li>Write your proposal</li>
	<li>Edit your proposal</li>
	<li>Rewrite your proposal</li>
	<li>Find funders for you to submit your proposal</li>
	<li>Serve as an expert or surrogate PI or Program Officer (I'm not a scientist, only a writer)</li>
	<li>Read work that you did not write or have permission to share</li>
	<li>Accept work that violates HIPAA guidelines (no identifying patient info, please)</li>
</ul>
<h3>Process to submit for a reading</h3>
The best thing to do is send me an email explaining your need and a bit about yourself. Then after I respond, you can send document. PDF or locked Word doc is preferred. I won't do any edits to your document, which I why I'd prefer a PDF.

I can usually turn around the comments within a day or two. Try to avoid emergency reading requests. If you need your document read immediately, ask a colleague, mentor, or even your best friend. Consider me a second opinion, not an essential reader.

I promise I won't make you mad or cry. I will be supportive, but honest. You do not need to argue with anything I say or write. You are free to dismiss what I say or ask someone else. This is only my opinion, not fact.

Feedback is given by phone or email. I enjoy phone feedback sessions and I have found that the nuances of language are conveyed better by a call. But it's your choice. If you decide on a call, we'll arrange it and it will probably last 15 minutes, unless we start gabbing about other stuff. If you want email feedback, expect to get a few paragraphs of comments. I am fine with sending follow-up emails, but I don't want too much a back and forth. I would say 2 clarifying emails is my limit.

You can use the website's contact form to reach me. Or you email me directly at <strong>caroline.leopold AT gmail dot com</strong>. Please write a subject line such as: Request for free grant reading.
